People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Luke Titley
- Mohamed Ourmoumad
- Tiago Carvalho

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Get the OpenEXR API "done" by end of January.
- Get a release of the OpenImageIO API done by end of January.
- Create a template project with all onboarding information/CI example.
- Add onboarding documentation to more of our projects
- Anders will review the onboarding docs for OpenImageIO

Topics
======

- GSOC: We need to find the deadline to submit to the ASWF, but the two types of possible projects are to refactor CPPMM into an actual project, or to pick up one of the unwrapped libraries and to wrap it.
- USD: Luke spend some time to bind the array types, and starting to add support for references. Then tidy up and make it easy to build the bindings. Embark has some developers interested in Rust and USD, so they might be able to get some dev time in.
- USD Working Group: Luke demoed it during the USD Working group, and the reception was generally positive. One question was would it be worth using swig instead of cppmm for building the C binding?
- Git Repos: We might want to consider merging the openexr repos back into a single one to make it easier to develop on.
- December meetings: The meeting on the 3rd may be mostly reserved for a recap on where we're at, where we want to be, and the 17th will be a hang out session. 31st will likely be cancelled.
- SCaLE: JT brought up a conference in Southern California called SCaLE (https://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale/19x) that we might be able to get some ASWF Rust presence in. More details later.

Action Items
============

- Anders: Figure out why Tiago's OpenEXR build env isn't working.
- Scott: Figure out when our deadline for GSOC project suggestions are.
- JT: Find out if there's any time critical things with SCaLE that needs to be addressed before January.
