People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago Carvalho
- Luke Titley
- Sergio Rojas
- Anders Langlands
- JT Nelson
- David Aguilar

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Anders: Figure out why Tiago's OpenEXR build env isn't working.
- Scott: Figure out when our deadline for GSOC project suggestions are.
- JT: Find out if there's any time critical things with SCaLE that needs to be addressed before January.

Topics
======

- GSOC/ASWF Internships: The deadline for GSOC as Jan 11th, which is the day before the TAC meeting. Scott will set up a PR for creating a GSOC and ASWF internship proposal. One suggestion is to have someone rewrite/refactor cppmm, or write bindings for an unclaimed project. There's also some questions on deadlines, timelines, and etc about the GSOC.
- Recap: We have a MVP of OpenEXR, cppmm is getting stuff done, and having deadlines have made things easier to get stuff done.
- Future plans:
    - Have OpenEXR handed over to the OpenEXR project by end of February
    - Have an MVP of USD, OpenImageIO, and Ptex by SIGGRAPH 2022
- Int representations: Most C++ APIs that represent offsets or sizes are represented as an `int`, when Rust generally does `isize` or `usize`. More discussions need to happen, but we are likely going to represent those types as `i32` in Rust, while having discussions with the project owners to see if that makes sense, or if the C++ side should convert them to `size_t`. Also, we should update our Rust guidelines to mention how we plan to handle int representations.
- Vendoring the C++ libs: Some of the more complex projects such as USD or OpenImageIO have a bunch of build configurations. So, we vendor a minimal build, but the developer can point to a local compiled lib.

Action Items
============

- GSOC: Scott will talk with our ASWF GSOC rep to get the general questions we have answered before we submit our proposals.
- Rust guidelines: Update how we should handle ints in APIs for things that represent offsets and etc.
