People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Anders Langlands
- David Aguial
- Ryan Bottriell
- Sean Looper
- Tiago Carvalho
- Luke Titley

Previous Action Items
=====================

- None

Topics
======

- How should we organize ourselves? How will we make big group decisions? For example, how should we handle RFCs (appoint some - members as voting members to approve/deny things)? Also, how can we make sure that the decision processes are a good balance - between transparent and agile.
- What is the status of our current goals and tasks? Do we feel like we can hit the goal of having Imath and OpenEXR completely - bound by SIGGRAPH (when is that?), or should we re-evaluate that goal?
- What do we plan to have done by the next meeting (in about 3 weeks after the first)?
- Create a website. I think that Luke has bought the domain "arewevfxyet.rs", and we can probably borrow from one of the areweXyet - websites (such as https://github.com/rust-gamedev/arewegameyet). What content do we want to put on the website? My goal for this - would be for the website to be published by the time our first crate is published.
- cppmm - From what I understand, we're looking into making it easier to parse the C++ side to make creating the C and Rust bindings - require less hopping into C++/Clang parsing. Ideally this will be ready before we get too far into Imath and OpenEXR
- Imath/OpenEXR bindings - I've started, but I haven't put too much time into it. I remember Tiago has been experimenting with it as - well, so we may want to get a few people together and cranking it out.
- Crates ownership - I will work with other groups in the ASWF (the CI group?) to start the process of moving over the crates that I own to the foundation. I'll also get in contact with people that own the other crates to see if they are still interested in moving the ownership of the crates over to the foundation.



Actions Items
=============

- Look at discussion in github (what works/doesnt)
- Use issues for proposals instead of rfcs, so migrate rfcs to issues, then when issue is closed, add to the guide.

Minutes
=======

Rfcs / Slack communication

Scott: How should we organise ourselves?
          We started with rfc process then stopped.

Anders: Was working, stopped because too busy with generators.

Scott: Could organise a regular meeting to aye/nay rfc. Anyone who is in the meeting has a say.

Anders: Try to get a vote through as soon as possible, without meeting, use the meeting to clean up outstanding rfs.

Tiago : Rfc seems a bit early, we’re still working things out. How do we balance work being done and pushing out rfcs.

Scott: cppmm + bindings, multiple projects going on, rfs created during the process. Example imath projects, lead on that would liaise with other teams and get bindings out that are owned by aswf, what we learn from that can go into rfcs.

Anders: There’s a few key things that should go in process now, should go into guides, examples like error handling. Serve to keep a history of the discussion which can get lost in slack. Benefit for new developers that join. OpenExr is pretty freeform at the moment, so perhaps a lot of rfcs will be created for this project.

Ryan: What about using a proposal issues rather than an rfc. Less formal.

Tiago: That seems good, issues can be turned into rfcs later.

Scott: We’ll go for proposals for now (as issues), perhaps migrate the rfcs into proposals.
 At what point should we encourage people to move discussion away from slack over to issues in github, so that the conversations are documented.

Ryan: Can discuss on slack and then move into issue if it seems more concrete/formal.

Tiago: We can look at discussions perhaps for when the project is opened up to a large group of developers, perhaps move off from slack later, as issues/discussions/branches can be interlinked.

Anders: Will start an issue for error handling.

Anders: Do we want to even port the imath crate, or rewrite it in rust.

Ryan: We should just get something inefficient done, then make it faster/rewrite.

Scott: First step, wrap it, make sure the api is fine, then make it faster.

Luke: I think we should just use float arrays.

Anders: I mostly agree, for now, later we can look at features pointing to other libs.

Ryan: Agreed


Anders: Happy to start looking at openexr bindings.

Tiago: Doesn’t seem entirely finished

Anders: I think it’s mostly finished.

Anders: We should use the c bindings they are providing already.

There’s value in using cppmm to generate bindings for older versions.

Tiago: Even when cppmm is finished, should we still use the official c bindings.

Anders+Luke+Scott: Yes, will be easier for everyone.

Scott: Who owns the bindings? Who is going to keep maintaining them?
 Maybe there will be a balance between the original projects owners and the rust group.

Anders: API surface is moving all the time, hopefully CI integration, so that project builds break when api changes.

Crate owner

Scott: Need to talk to linux foundation about taking moving domain over to aswf.

Luke: I’m happy to hand over the arewevfxyet.rs domain and usd crate

Scott: So I’ll find out about that, also we need to make sure original contributors can contribute for as long as they can.


Scott: cppmm where are we at, with that?

Anders: Things are going well at the moment, splitting things up worked out ok, I’ve been able to focus on ast, Luke has focused on the c code generation.

Luke: Yes, going well as well.

Anders: I’ll need to move over to the c code generation soon, ast work is nearly finished. When is siggraph?

Luke: August

Anders: I think we can get work done for then

Scott: Two main things, website + bindings.

Scott: What are we doing for the next meeting (in a month)? We’ll have the crates handed over.

Anders: ast code generated for openexr. openexr-rs repo

Scott: Crates handed over.

Luke: C code generator working.


Anders: Introduce yourselves

Scott: Lead pipeline dev at Stella

Luke: Dwarf Animation

Anders: vfx sup Weta

Ryan: Pipeline Sony Imageworks

David: Dev Ops / Pipeline

Tiago: Not in industry, but developer with experience in c#

Sean Looper: Dev lead aswf (was disney + sony)
