People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Luke Titley
- Anders
- Ryan Bottriel
- Varo Castaneda
- Tiago


Previous Action Items
=====================

- Website ownership transfer (Scott Wilson, Luke)
- Crates ownership transfer (Scott Wilson)
- Cppmm (Anders and Luke)
- Imath and OpenEXR bindings (Anders)


Topics
======

- Clearing out PRs - Let’s go through the PRs and either merge or close the ones in the organization and RFCs repo.
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/organization/pull/5
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/rfcs/pull/5
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/rfcs/pull/4
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/rfcs/pull/3
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/rfcs/pull/2
    - https://github.com/vfx-rs/rfcs/pull/1
- Discuss current proposals (TODO: What proposals to discuss?)
- Meeting minutes repo: Should we transfer the meeting minutes to a Github repository after the meeting is done? Where should/can we store the Google Docs (currently hosted by Scott Wilson)?
- cppmm
    - Update of the current state of play
    - Update of priorities for the next month
    - test structure / example projects, how do we want that structured?
    - What else can we do in parallel to make things go faster?


Action Items
============

- Scott - Organize a meeting with the OpenEXR group and Rust group after March 26th.
- Move PR approval to next meeting
- Anders - Create a proposal for error handling
- Scott - Transfer meeting minutes to repo post meeting
- Talk about the C API beautification vs “just Rust compatible”. Create proposal?
- Tiago - Create a repo for the OpenEXR bindings work

Minutes
=======


Scott: where are we at for url transfer?

Luke: In progress, waiting on zone file dns info from hosting service.

Scott : Crate transfer will be done when the domain transfer is sorted.

Update of cppmm
---------------

Luke: Broad strokes are in place. Yesterday got that example program working. Still missing enums, static methods, functions etc. classes, method, constructor, operators, destructor are working.

Anders: Looking at automatic binding file generation, to make it quicker to expose.

Scott summary: cppmm : bindings are starting to come into place, still questions on how we want to expose string class and stl types and dependent libs, questions for a later time.

Working to make the bindings file creation easier, so it’s not soul crushing.

Anders: Ast generation is mostly done.

Nick: Is there an example recipe?

Anders: You can generate an ast, I’ll type up a README.md

Luke: You can look at bind.sh for example of the commandline to run.

Nick: I’d like to dry run, kick the tires. In case there are things that the openexr team should consider to make things easier.

Anders: If the openexr team is already making a c api, then we likely want to use that. Would make more sense to use the c layer directly, than trying to bind the cpp api that will sit on top of the c layer.

Tiago: Seems like a lot of the functionality is going to be in the c++ layer, utils etc, will they be in the c layer?

Anders + Nick: We should have a group discussion with kimbal going on that.

Scott: Do you want me to organise a meeting with the open exr group?

Nick: Post 3.0 would be good, right now everyone is super busy, could be a distraction.

Scott: Is there a timeline? When can we bug them?

Nick: Perhaps late next week? Number of outstanding issues is quite small.

Scott: 26th ?

Nick: That sounds good, low pressure.

Scott: We’ve got RFCs waiting for merge requests. Should we delete the merge requests for rfcs? Can we take some time to go through them this next week.

Anders: Happy to push to next meeting.

Scott: Current proposals

Anders: I made a proposal for error handling, still need to finish that off. Also one for snake case (use snake case like rust).

Scott: Can talk about later.

Scott: Shall we put the minutes in github?

Tiago: It’s a good idea.

Anders: Agreed.

Luke: Agreed.

Cppmm
-----

Luke: Is there a specific way you want to do tests, happy to stick with what’s there already.

Anders: Let’s just stick with what there is, pretty simple.

Luke: Fine

Snake_case
----------

Anders: The main reason I wanted to agree on the case in the c bindings was to make the style consistent between the c layer and rust layer. Each library has it’s own style, when you use bindgen it copies the style of the c library underneath to the sys layer it generates. When you do high level rust api you often want to just expose things that are in the sys layer, so the types bubble up, which isn’t great. Proposal is to make the style uniform at the c layer, would make everything simpler when exposed in rust.

Scott: Concerned about other teams rejecting cppmm c generated bindings because the style doesn’t match.

Anders: The naming style isn’t the same as the library design. Changing the naming style can be done automatically (in your head) when your coding.

Anders: If other projects take ownership of the cppmm bindings, they will likely keep the ast json files and generate the headers as part of the build process.

Tiago: Are the bindings for c coders or just for bindings.

Anders: I think both, having a nice c binding will help with adoption.

Luke: I’ve assumed that the api will be verbose, explicitly calling the copy constructor, destructor etc.

Anders: We’d expect that, but adding the defines for each function without the version is something simple that we can do to make things easier for c developers.

Nick: opengl exploits this a lot, pointers to function to make it possible to swap out opengl implementations at runtime.

Scott: Is the goal to have c bindings that are the official c api, or are they aimed at bindings. We can put that on as an action item for later maybe.

Tiago: is it worth looking at the generated bindings now.

Anders: best to look at the exr core bindings, I’d want to be using that in a year from now.

Tiago: it should probably be an action item to have a repo set up for the exr rust bindings.

Anders: yes I’d like to look over that.
