People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Tiago
- Shannon Deoul
- Anders Langlands
- Luke Titley

Previous Action Items
=====================

- Should we mark unsafe, but not really unsafe APIs as safe or unsafe? Anders is going to create a GitHub issues to start the discussion
- Investigate if we should have a separate `-sys` crate, or keep everything in a single crate.

Topics
======

- The Blog Post: The post looks good from our end. Shannon is going to talk with the LF to get a date that the media will be posted.
- Unsafe + APIs: Anders is going to clean up the proposal wording to make it less "we'll always have an unsafe API" and more "we'll only have an unsafe API for now... until we have the resources". Group is generally happy with the edited proposal. The plan is to create the unsafe + layer (or thin API layer), get people to test the crate (and roughly then create a version locked release/hand over ownership of the project to the wrapped project owner), and then start to look into creating the safe layer with the help of the C++ side.
- Diversity and Inclusion: Scott will join the D&I meeting on October 13th to get a collection of actionable items that we can work on to improve our diversity and inclusion in the group.
- CPPMM as a product: Right now it is good for our needs, but would need a full rewrite. We might not want to maintain it as a product, and preferably would look into another project to handle creating C and Rust bindings. But, if a vendor were to contact us to create Rust bindings for their projects, then we'd want to set up a joint venture on that.

Action Items
============

- Scott: Create a Slack post or another space to collect all of the channels (blog post, news channels, Rust subreddit, etc) that we've communicated with.
- Scott: Once we have the blog post made, send a message to the community channels.
- Anders: Document the goals and design of the bindings
- Luke: Get OpenEXR bindings to compile on Mac.
