People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Luke Titley
- Sergio Rojas
- JT Nelson
- David Aguilar
- Tom Saunders

Previous Action Items
=====================

- GSOC: Scott will talk with our ASWF GSOC rep to get the general questions we have answered before we submit our proposals.
- Rust guidelines: Update how we should handle ints in APIs for things that represent offsets and etc.

Topics
======

- GSOC/ASWF Internships: The ASWF approved our proposals, and will manage the next stage.
- OpenAssetIO: The Foundry is interested in working with the Rust Working Group to build Rust bindings along side the C++ core/API and C API.
- OpenEXR: Plan is to still have the project handed over to the OpenEXR project by end of February. Need to set up a CI, and make sure all of the APIs are wrapped.
- CI: Last time we discussed it, the consensus was to commit the C and Rust `-sys` crate code with the bindings and have no dependency on CPPMM.
- GitHub Discussions: JT suggested we use GitHub discussions to manage per-project discussions. Scott will activate that this week.
- USD: Luke is still working on the USD sys crate. Current support for loading meshes and etc, and working on the sys level API.
- Ptex: Push first commits this week with the sys and API crates in the same repo. Was blocked on how to handle linking to the Ptex C++ library when building.
- OpenTimelineIO: Sergio is interested in working on the bindings. We don't have an official maintainer for the project at the moment, so anyone interested in being the official maintainer for the project is welcome to take the mantle.

Action Items
============
