People
======

- Scott Wilson
- Sergio Rojas
- Tom Saunders
- Luke Titley
- David Aguilar

Previous Action Items
=====================

- OpenEXR: Clean up repo and add CI. Waiting on Anders and Luke to be available to help clean up the repo.
- Template Project: Waiting on Anders and Luke to be available to help set up an example binding. Then generate a CI job.
- OpenTimelineIO: Scott and Sergio to have a call and get Sergio set up with creating the bindings.


Topics
======

Projects
--------

- WG Organization
    - Open Source Conference TAC talk: We have a 5 minute presentation on the Rust Working Group. Scott will get the due date for submission, and create an open document for people to contribute to.
    - Project owners: Going to ask people to volunteer for being a project owner of the projects. The responsibilities will be laid out, but mostly to maintain the project, communicate with the WG, and communicate with the wrapped project.
    - Google Summer of Code and ASWF Internship: ASWF is going to focus on the GSOC for now, so we spend our resources on making the one event as great as we can. But, we may be able to swap to the ASWF internship if Google doesn't accept the ASWF, or we could maybe potentially hire an intern through ASWF.
    - Template project: Scott is getting the CI set up to pass. Once that's done, will get the OpenEXR project to match the template project structure/get CI up on that.
- cppmm
    - There's a wishlist of things to improve on, but no other updates.
    - Slow to build bindings for USD, and some bugs that are found when binding USD.
- OpenEXR
    - No updates
- OpenImageIO
    - No updates
- PTex
    - Started to add some tests related to the writing API. Fleshing out the writing API, then going to look at the reader.
- USD
    - Luke is going through the C++ headers and exposing to the sys layer. Currently going through the `Sdf*` headers. After that, fleshing out the Usd headers.
- OpenTimelineIO
    - Spent time trying to compile the C bindings, but running into issues on compiling on Ubuntu.

3rd Party Projects
------------------

- OpenAssetIO
    - We're helping set up the bindings for OpenAssetIO. Depending on what resources we have, we may have to mentor someone on the OpenAssetIO project to build the Rust bindings and give them a solid foundation to build from.
- Rez
    - Tom and Scott are working on getting Rust into Rez and slowly let Rust take over the Python code.

Action Items
============

- Conference:
    - Get deadline for conference: Scott
    - Create a document or something for members to contribute to
